What's the most common mistake that
people make when they're negotiating
their comp?
>> Often we'll hide behind the easiest
communication channel possible. I might
email you my demands. The problem with
that is I can't control tone. If I push
back and the CEO that reads it's in the
airport security line and pissed off and
they read it, they might be like, "That
bastard wants more money."
>> A lot of people listening to this are
just afraid to ask for more. I'm going
to come across as greedy. It's all going
to fall apart. But when you look at the
money that the company's making in
comparison, like you're not being
greedy. It doesn't have to be
>> such an aggressive thing. It doesn't
[music] have to be confrontational. The
simplest advice "What's the chance there
could be a little more?"
>> That's not greedy at all.
>> The core of your philosophy is make it
very clear to the company here's the
pain I will solve for you and here's why
it's worth paying you this much more.
>> These companies have significant
leverage over you. They know what people
make, they know what others make, they
know what they'll accept. You have to
understand what value you can create and
if you understand that value, you can
have that conversation with confidence.
>> Today my guest is Jacob Warwick. Jacob
is a professional negotiator. He works
behind the scenes with his clients,
mostly senior tech execs, professional
athletes, and Hollywood celebrities. And
he helps them navigate their most
complex career negotiations,
>> [music]
>> including their comp, their bonuses, and
investments, also M&A and takeovers and
enterprise sales deals and more. He's
helped his clients secure over $1
billion in additional comp. And he's
told me that he's negotiated against a
number of guests on this [music]
podcast. He is very much under the
radar, is not on social media, rarely
does interviews, and in this exclusive
conversation, we get super deep on the
specific [music] tactics and psychology
of comp negotiation, including why you
should never negotiate over email, who
should speak first when the question of
comp comes up, the most common and
costly mistakes that people unknowingly
make when they're negotiating comp, and
so much more. Jacob is also just a truly
stellar human and I'm very excited to be
sharing his story. Don't forget to check
out Lenny's product-pass.com for an
incredible set of deals available
exclusively to Lenny's newsletter
subscribers. Let's get into it after a
short word from our wonderful sponsors.
This episode is brought to you by Orkes,
the company behind open-source
Conductor, the orchestration platform
powering modern enterprise applications.
Modern systems are built on
microservices, APIs, and event-driven
architectures, but legacy automation
tools can't [music] keep up. Siloed
low-code platforms, outdated process
management, and disconnected API tooling
break down under real-world scale and
constant change. Orkes Conductor [music]
provides a production-grade
orchestration layer for coordinating
microservices, APIs, data pipelines,
human tasks, and agentic [music]
workflows with deterministic control
flow, retries, observability, and
governance. Built for enterprise scale,
Orkes supports visual and code-first
development [music] with built-in
compliance and reliability. Through a
built-in MCP gateway, AI agents handle
reasoning and decision-making while
safely accessing existing APIs [music]
and internal systems as MCP tools. This
enables agents to operate across
enterprise environments and scale from
demos to production, orchestrating
systems, agents, and humans together to
deliver smarter outcomes faster. Learn
more at orkes.io/lenny.
That's orkes.io/lenny.
This episode is brought to you by
Mercury, radically different banking
loved by over 300,000 entrepreneurs,
including me. I switched to Mercury from
Chase over a year ago, and it is such a
profoundly better experience. It's like
an [music] actual product person built a
bank versus a banking person building a
product. It is fast, it's elegant, it is
super easy to set wires, to track my
spending, [music] to set up triggers, to
move money around when accounts get low.
We moved all of our invoicing to
Mercury, and it is such a smoother
experience than anything else we've
tried. It's also really easy to grant
people on your team just the right
[music] amount of access to help take
work off your plate. It's free to get
started. No in-person visits, no minimum
balances. [music] The product also
flexes to all sizes of company, from
startups to large enterprises. Just
visit mercury.com to learn more and
apply online in minutes. Mercury is a
fintech company, not an FDIC insured
bank. Banking services provided through
Choice Financial Group and Column and A
members FDIC.
Jacob, thank you so much for being here.
Welcome to the podcast.
>> I'm very happy to be here and
thank you for interfering with my sleep
all week out of my excitement. Usually
it's my newborn and toddler, but this
time I was waking up at 3:00 in the
morning thinking about and it's going to
be a great chat. So, I'm very excited.
Thank you for having me.
>> I really appreciate that. It's going to
be worth it. It's going to be worth it
mostly to us to to extract all this
wisdom from your head. So, we're going
to be going deep on negotiation. How to
better negotiate for comp and this will
translate into all kinds of other ways
of in your life beyond comp. This is
something I personally been very, very
bad at in my career. Like I don't know
if I like maybe one time I pushed back
and negotiated
a higher comp, but I just like I've
always been really nervous to do this
and just really bad at this.
And I imagine most listeners are nervous
and bad at this. And you do this for a
living. You help people negotiate. Which
I don't think people even know this is a
thing that exists, that somebody's out
there that can help you negotiate. And
so, you've seen a lot of negotiations up
close.
Most of the people you work with just as
a context are very senior people, but a
lot of the stuff we're going to talk
about is going to apply to anyone at any
level.
Let me start with this question just to
give people a frame of reference.
How much comp are people generally
leaving on the table when they don't
even try to negotiate?
>> Yeah, so typically what I've seen is
even without my help, just general
pushbacks, not aggressive, a simple
"What's the chance there could be more
here?"
kind of pushback. I mean, that's about
as easy as it can get. You get the
offer, you say, "What's the chance
there's a little bit more?" Almost
always see a 20% improvement on that.
And that is across the board from
earlier stage positions. Let's say they
gave you a $100,000 offer, 120 could be
there just from a simple push back,
which is
when you're making that kind of money,
that's life-changing, right? I've
noticed that when you make a
million-dollar W-2, same push back, 20%,
sometimes more, just on the what's the
chance, depending on how well you going
to navigate that interview process. Now,
on average, when I'm calculating out,
what I'm looking for with clients is
about 40% movement on an increase. We
have seen as much as 100, 200, 300, 400%
increases from initial offers.
Most notably, breaking salary bands,
which we all treat as gospel, which is
something we'll probably talk about
through the course of this this podcast
today. That uh you know, those that
challenge authority and challenge in a
meaningful and collaborative way will
win more than those that don't. And
what's interesting is
I found that product product leaders,
engineers, designers,
uh some of the more tend to be more
introverted and thoughtful types,
negotiate more poorly than the obnoxious
marketers and revenue leaders and the
more extroverted types. And it's
frustrating because if you look back at
the last, say, 25 years or so,
product has really defined the tech
generation in so many ways. This isn't
to discredit marketers or anything like
that. It's just to show that there's a
couple of sides of the business and and
everyone tends to negotiate a little
differently. So, you looking back at
your career and say, you know, the great
Lenny
had a tough time pushing back. I think
that's that's actually inspiring for a
lot of the listeners to see that
you're not alone in feeling this. It
doesn't have to be such an aggressive
thing. It doesn't have to be
confrontational. The simplest advice
that I can give you is, what's the
chance there could be a little more?
>> That's not greedy at all. It's just a
simple ask. And even that, 20 30%. So
again, a lot of people listening to this
are just like afraid to ask
for more. There's like uh I'm going to
come across as greedy.
Uh I'm going to it's all going to fall
apart. They're going to be like, what
are you what are you talking about? No,
no, forget it. Or they you know, they
join, they get better comp, and then
they're like uh everyone kind of they
know that I pushed all this and I'm this
kind of greedy person. Now the
expectations are higher.
What do you tell people to help them get
past that and actually negotiate and
actually go for it?
>> Yeah, a couple things here. So first of
all, usually a company is extracting
much more value out of you.
Naturally, like 5:1, 10:1, 100:1, right?
If you're
I know the audience is primarily product
here. I mean, you're developing products
that have
infinite scalability in some capacity.
>> That's going to make the company a lot
of money, and they are a big piece of
that.
>> And
product tends to be rewarded fairly
well, right? But when you look at the
money that the company's making in
comparison, like you're not being
greedy. And if you understand that value
exchange,
you can have that conversation with
confidence. That's not to say that being
a tall poppy isn't risky. That's the
term. You over negotiate,
I would rather my clients over
negotiate, reach a couple rungs up on
the ladder, and they get slapped down.
They're still failing forward, and
they're growing in some capacity.
And
if you can ideally align work that
doesn't feel like work, it feels a
little bit more like play with strong
compensation, you don't always need to
negotiate hilariously for the top of the
band or break the bands just because you
can, right? This isn't to be greedy.
Right? But it's just to understand that
this value exchange isn't fair for you
regardless of how it works. Like the
path to wealth is through ownership,
right? And as a W-2 employee, you're
being taxed heavily.
And it it makes sense to push a little
bit in this context. So, that's
typically where I start. I want you to
just have the confidence to know that
it's okay.
>> Let me come at it from the other
direction. Uh a lot of people listening
to this podcast are founders or hiring
managers, managers.
They may not be super excited to hear
we're giving people advice on how to
negotiate harder for higher comp.
What could you say to them to make them
feel a little bit better about us
sharing this sort of advice?
>> So, I will challenge them as well. Now,
I
How important of a priority is top
talent and maintaining and retaining top
talent to you?
Right? When you were thinking about how
quickly the speed of innovation is
happening. You've had a lot of great AI
guests on the channel recently. Right?
Like the exponential curve of growth is
increasing.
If you
hope to stand a chance, you need to
attract the top talent.
And you need to keep that top talent cuz
it's very expensive to replace them.
I'm not suggesting that people beat you
up for the sake of beating you up.
So, this is uh
a myth about negotiation that's
adversarial.
What I teach is how can we be more
collaborative? So, the conversation is,
"Look, Lenny, as a founder,
can you help me understand what's
important to you? The value that this
work will drive." And then naturally
we'll come to terms that make a little
bit more of a value exchange make sense
there. So, often times some of the ways
that we're breaking the boundaries of
compensation isn't necessarily
advocating for a busted base comp level
and bonus percentage.
Often times we're putting performance
incentives, milestone triggers.
If the company grows to 100 million ARR
and I contributed this to it,
what would that outcome look like? Would
that be another tranche of stock or
would that be cash or would that you
know, we're
getting more creative here.
And so, what's interesting is
for the longest time I had a I had a
difficult time advocating for this. And
having been a CEO and founder myself,
I understand why you don't want to do it
cuz it's hard. It's hard to make this.
And everyone also thinks they're top
talent. And when everyone thinks they're
top talent, somebody's got to be lying.
Right? It can be difficult to understand
that. So, those that I found are more
confident to push towards
performance-based
tend to have more skin in the game. Tend
to want to stick around and see that
success happen. Those are the types of
people I want working for me if I want
to be a very competitive organization.
I have started to have these
conversations with a couple Fortune 500
companies as well as some talent
consulting companies, think big
recruiting firms, where they've brought
me in to advise on the comp committees
so that they can get more creative with
their structure so they don't lose
talent. Because nobody wins when you
hire a top performer and they leave in
10 months. The recruiting firm loses
their pay, right? Their performance pay.
The company now has to go back and
replace that person. It usually costs
hundreds of thousands. And in some of
the realms that we navigate in the
Fortune 500, it will cost millions if
not tens of millions to replace the lost
IP there.
So, the argument here is it's okay to
get creative. Reward it when you see it,
right? I'm not suggesting give everyone
everything I've been the company and and
totally ruin your business model.
But, if you want to be competitive, be
competitive with your pay as well.
>> That's a great answer. And we were
chatting before we started recording
this, and you shared that you've helped
people negotiate with many of guests on
this podcast, like people that they were
hiring, and you helped them get higher
comp.
>> I won't mention any names.
Um some recently were in in the realm of
10 million plus on increases in
compensation across a a team of just a
handful of folks.
Uh again, Fortune 500,
um but the alternative was lose them to
competitors and have the stock drop
after the CEO made announcements
publicly in their earnings calls.
And so, they don't know
that
it may have cost them 10 million today,
but it saved them 300
plus, 300 500 in this business process.
So, the success will be there, and I
would say
almost anybody would pay 10 to save 300.
>> And the way you operate, just so people
understand, is you're very behind the
scenes. You work with clients, and you
advise them. You're never involved in
the negotiation. You just give them
advice on how to approach it.
>> I would call it fingerprintless, and
there's a reason for this. So, it's
it's not yet popularized. Maybe it will
be with some of these uh in AI ICs and
these hot scientists are pulling down
$100 million contracts. Maybe this will
change soon. In Hollywood, you have an
agent negotiate on your behalf, and they
kind of are serving as that middle
mediator.
That's not common in the corporate
corporate America right now, right? Now,
if that happens, it almost dilutes the
leadership and presence of the
executive.
And so, how I work is similar to an
attorney, where all correspondence goes
through me before it goes to the end
recipient. So, let's say that you're
going to talk to the CEO, you call me
first. We prepare the game plan, we
strategize, you then perform, then we
debrief. Then, the CEO sends you an
email. That email comes to me, we draft
it together. I usually test my client's
instincts first, rather than just doing
the work for them. Test their instincts,
polish the language,
because every step of the way is a
negotiation.
Now, this also slows the process down.
We want to go slower, and I'm sure we'll
talk a little bit more about that in the
podcast. Too hasty equals risk.
So, as you slow down, often times we
want to take a couple of days to
respond, not to be a jerk or belligerent
or to manufacture some fake urgency, but
it shows a little scarcity and thought
process to your time and we get to
calculate and collect information
through the process.
>> This is so interesting.
What What's the most common biggest
mistake that people make when they're
negotiating their comp?
>> They don't understand when it starts.
So, the It starts much sooner than you
think. So,
I've I've got myself in hot water with
this before, too, because
a
like a LinkedIn profile and your resume
is a snapshot of what you've been in the
past,
but it doesn't help you negotiate in the
forward.
Right? So, if somebody can say, "Oh, I'm
looking at Lenny and I'm looking at
product manager." If that's all they
saw,
they're not going to know all this work
that you're doing in the future or
moving forward and what your vision is,
things like that. So, they stamp you as
product manager Lenny.
Right? Now, you're media mogul icon,
whatever, right? But there's a gap that
you have to fill. Right? So, the things
you say on LinkedIn serve as a
perception.
The headshot that you have serves as a
perception. I used to joke that I could
scan profiles, I would know how much
money someone made by the quality of
their headshot.
And you can see
and it would like it was wildly
consistent. It was almost frustrating.
But anyway, what you're putting out into
the world, the narrative you share
publicly, starts to become how you're
known, your reputation.
If you are
positioned
as a commodity, you will be treated like
a commodity.
Right?
So, often times the less you share is
better because when you're on the phone
with somebody, you can correct the
narrative and steer the conversation
where you want it to go
versus have to live by the sins of what
you did 10 years ago as an example. So,
the things you share with recruiters,
they take notes.
When a recruiter calls you and says,
"Hey Lenny, how much money do you expect
to make?" and you say, "Oh, you know,
225. That sounds fair." You know, 5
years later, they call you and they
expect you to make 225 again, not
recognizing that you've grown
exponentially since then. So, everything
you communicate starts to serve as that
value chain across the board.
Another mistake that people make,
and you mentioned this a little earlier,
it feels uncomfortable
to get quote unquote confrontational or
to feel like you're asking for too much.
So, often will hide behind the easiest
communication channel as possible.
So, I might email you my demands
demands, right? Or my negotiation.
And the problem with that is I can't
control tone. I can't control,
especially when you're negotiating at
high levels,
if I push back,
and the CEO that reads it's in the
airport security line and pissed off and
they read it, they might be like, "That
bastard wants more money." That's all
they take away. Even if you perfectly
worded it, you got it all, you know, as
clean as it can be. If you catch them at
the wrong time, you have no control over
how it's received.
Right? So, it's always better to have at
least a video call, if not in person, so
you can share tone, you can read body
language, you can correct
every step of the way.
Often times we also try to negotiate
through recruiters, right? You could do
that like I I Jake I did the thing,
Jacob. I talked to a recruiter. I spent
a half an hour explaining it. The
problem with that is you're playing a
game of telephone.
So, the same thing happens. I I explain
it to the recruiter. I get the tone
right. The recruiter goes to the CEO and
says,
"That bastard wants more money." And
that's all they communicate, right? So,
people negotiate with the wrong folks.
You have to go to the one who has skin
in the game, who controls the P&L, who
controls EBITDA. What what's what's
their motivation? That's who you want to
talk to.
And so, some people might also have a
concern with well, how I go around the
recruiter? I don't want to be look bad.
We have to do that respectfully and now
we need to plan what that communication
looks like.
And so the important thing here is just
because it's uncomfortable doesn't mean
you don't need to do it. It just means
you don't know how to do it.
So when something's uncomfortable, you
have to run towards that because that's
where the growth happens.
I love how tactical we're getting here.
So following this thread, so the advice
here is
when you get an offer and you want and
you should basically you're saying you
should always negotiate in some way you
should push back. Your advice here is
don't do it over email. Make sure you
find a way to do a video call with
essentially the hiring manager or the
person that is has skin in the game the
like the finances and the budget. There
are situations especially at high levels
more deals are closed on the golf course
than they are in a boardroom.
Right? So there are situations where you
pull someone into a different element.
This is called home field advantage.
Right? So if you go to a company to have
a conversation, you're out of your
element in
in a situation where you may not perform
your best.
The other thing people don't do is they
don't control the time of which they
have a conversation. CEO wants to hop on
at 6:00 in the morning. Get your ass up,
get that presentation and go.
You need to say I'm not available at
that time.
I'm in and you read your own body
language. I'm strongest between the
hours of 10:00 a.m. and and 1:00 p.m. I
want a meeting in that time. So I will
say I'm unavailable until that time
becomes available.
That also communicates scarcity that you
won't get pushed around.
Right? So it's scary to do that to say
no
to the CEO, I'm actually only available
here. That also creates a rubber band
effect that makes you more attractive.
Right? And so often times it actually
open AI did this which is funny. And I
didn't realize what the reason was, but
I had some clients interviewing for
C-suite roles at open AI.
And so pushing Sam Altman around a
little bit which I'm okay with.
I'm okay with that. Um
but so they used to walk outside of the
office and just walk downtown San
Francisco instead.
Right? You take someone out of the
element, you get the endorphins going,
you're walking and talking. You're The
important piece here is instead of you
and I being confrontational,
like negotiating between each other,
we're walking walking side by side.
So it's almost like you could put your
arm around the other person, you're
solving the problem together. These
sound like minor
things to consider, but the body
language and the tone and the
collaboration and the energy starts to
flow more naturally when you do This is
all behavioral psychology, right? And so
what Funny story, why I found out OpenAI
did that was because they didn't want
any executives going into the office
because it was such a mess.
It was like the biggest startup you've
ever seen. So I used to joke that it was
a two midgets in a trench coat
pretending to be a real company, right?
And uh
so anyway, the point was let's take them
to a place where we can control
and have an advantage over the
conversation. So that's the way that you
can think about where are you going to
feel most comfortable? What hours of the
day are you most comfortable? If you can
bring someone to a lunch or a coffee
where
you're on even playing field or even
your home field, you will perform better
in those situations and you have more
control over that than you may think.
>> So the advice there is try to get this
conversation out of their office.
>> It can be, you know, but if I'm a
product manager and I'm talking to a
director, that may not be possible.
Right. Right. They might just say,
"Look, you got to come into the office,
you got to do this." Right?
I'm pushing like when I'm talking about
a C-suite level, like you could pull
them out of the office, "Hey, let's go
get drinks." Like sometimes these deals
are closed at 8:30 at night after a
concert or something like that. So it's
easing that situation. That being said,
it doesn't mean you couldn't try. It's
like, "Hey, I've got a couple of
questions. Are you open to, you know,
take a walk down AT&T Park
and and have a conversation about it?"
You could pull them out of that, you can
start to build a stronger relationship
through that and you're more likely to
get your way.
>> Talk us through this the kind of this
the process you would recommend from I
get an offer, recruiter sends me, here's
your offer.
300k salary, some kind of
equity.
What's kind of like the step-by-step you
And I know this is depends on the role,
seniority, type of company, PE, VC back
startup. Cuz it's very scary to push
back and be like, oh, I want more.
Uh
What's like that first email / reply to
that email look like typically? Like
what are some phrases maybe you'd use?
And then what's the How do you open up a
conversation where you plan to ask for
more if you're meeting in person
especially cuz that feels so scary.
>> So first we want to approach with
gratitude.
Right? We're thankful that we want to
move forward. Right? So, Lenny, I
appreciate you making me an offer,
right? I'm excited to work with you. We
want to show enthusiasm, which also
shows some confidence.
We have to show that the deal is going
to get done even if you're on the fence
about it.
Right? Now, it's not to say you're so
excited that it's a sure thing and
you're not showing that you're
disappointed even if you are.
Right? So, I'm grateful. I'm looking
forward to working with you. I want to
review this over the next couple of
days. Right? Talk to my wife about it.
You know, talk to an advisor so and so.
Later on when you're a high-level
executive, you're talking to legal,
you're talking to advisors, you're
talking to a coach. Like you may have
five or six people see that. Right?
Employment lawyer, all that. That stuff
is expected. Right? So, you're going
through the process. I'm going to take a
couple days to process this. I'll get
back to you. I may have a couple of
questions.
Right? But we'll loop back and it
shouldn't be a problem. I imagine we
start working together in a couple
weeks.
Right? So, the point is you have to sell
that the deal is going to be done.
Which helps them feel like
it's going to move forward regardless.
Right? So, any ask that you make is not
going to be egregious.
Now,
often times, the higher you anchor, the
better you're going to perform.
Which can be frustrating because you
don't necessarily want to be like, "Oh,
I increased it 40%." or anything like
that. Now, this is where a lot of nuance
comes in.
So, we might say, you know,
come back 3 days later, want to have the
conversation, let's take a walk in the
park and talk through it, right? You
know, I've got to be honest with you,
where this offer stands right now,
I don't feel comfortable moving forward.
It's a little lighter than I expected.
Right? I may start saying something like
that. And then just wait
and see what they have to say.
Maybe they say, "Well, what did you have
in mind?" It's like, "Well, what's the
chance you can share
what the range looks like for this and
what type of performance did you expect
for each of these levels?"
Right? Or they may say, "We We comped
you in the middle part of the range."
Right? You might say, "What does the top
end look like? You know, what what must
I do
to fit those needs for you? Can you help
me understand?" Now, for a lot of folks,
especially in this market and this if if
we talk about what it was like in 2021
versus what it's like now,
there's some over-leveling that's
happened. So, there are people that are
C-suite going back to VP and VPs going
back to directors, especially as they go
to bigger companies.
Often times I'll say, you know, as we
had this conversation, I I'm likely a
little more horsepower than you
anticipated.
Right? What's the chance we can come in
and restructure the comp for the type of
talent we're bringing in here?
And so, this is a line that we used. Uh
there were three folks last year that
were the in ranges of 185 to 285, that
deal landed at 1.1 million when we were
done. With increases in stock, big cash
increases. Two deals that were comped at
600 that landed at 1.1 and 1.2. So,
doubled from that. And these were
situations where the role started at
senior director and were up-leveled to
VP because they were reaching for top
talent in that situation. So,
there are opportunities where it's
easier to steer if you're really, really
good. Right? I can see why some
listeners are like, "Well, I'm not there
in my career yet."
In that case, this is just how it gets
done.
Right? This is how bigger moves happen.
It doesn't mean you can't push for maybe
20% more naturally. That I would start
with, what's the chance there's a little
bit more here?
I was expecting this, right?
Again, more nuances cuz if you open up
what you're looking for too early in the
conversation,
that can be difficult to come back from
later on. It's not entirely egregious,
but one of the first things out of a
recruiter's mouth is how much money do
you want to make?
Which is eerily similar to an illegal
question, which is how much money do you
make?
Right? But if you say, "What do you want
to make?" then it's okay. And that's
where a lot of people get hung up as
well. I love that phrase you just shared
of
"What's What's the chance there's a bit
more here? I was expecting number X." Is
that Is that the phrase you recommend,
that approach of just a soft pushback
just to see?
Uh sometimes. Uh again, it really
depends on the leveling. If you are
very senior,
I I typically don't want to re-anchor
with a number because you should never
be so sure of what you're worth that you
wouldn't accept more.
>> Mhm.
>> Right? And when you anchor, that's the
ceiling. And what often happens is
naturally
they want to split the difference.
And so, I'll have a quick There's a
quick Hollywood story here. So,
we had a writer who had a $700,000
contract.
Right? So, 700 and the agent that I was
working with was was saying like, "This
uh this writer has the most aggressive
attorneys in LA."
Right? They're super aggressive. Uh and
I said, "Well, how do you know?"
First of all, well, that's what they're
perceived as.
So, the production studio offers this
writer 700. The attorneys come back and
say, "We want 1.3."
Right? 1.3 million. And the studio said,
"Fine, we'll do a million." And they
settled at a million. And I find that
really interesting
because
the studio came up 300,000
and the attorneys lost 300,000. So, you
split the difference right in the
middle. So, if the attorneys
said 1.5, would the deal have come in at
1.1?
If the attorney said 1.7, would it have
come in at 1.2? Right? Did
How do we know?
The way I see it is those attorneys
weren't aggressive enough. We didn't
find the ceiling there, did we?
Like that was lazy negotiating. Right?
So, it still made the client 300,000.
They were excited, right? The attorneys
were excited. They made more on their
commission. The agency was excited. They
got 10% of that. But we didn't find the
ceiling, did we?
That was lazy negotiating.
Right? So, those are things that you got
to slow down to really understand where
is the value being made here. In that
movie, like that movie could make 50
million dollars. You think a 1 million
for writing was worth it? Or someone who
controlled the creative there?
I don't know. A 50 to one value
exchange, why not push for more?
Why not put some milestones in that if
this movie makes more than 50 my
milestone is increased. This is how like
Tom Brady had his contract at Tampa Bay.
Right? Win eight games, get a half a
million dollars. Win 12 games, get a
million five. Go to the playoffs get an
extra this. Win the division, get this.
Uh get this get to the Super Bowl, X.
Win Super Bowl MVP get two and a half
million more. Like so, performance-based
triggers.
>> I love just how how much you love this.
It's just clear this is so interesting
to you.
>> it's really nerdy, I know. Like I I've
like obsessed over it in a in a weird
way, but uh I don't know. It's uh it's
been kind of baked into my my psyche for
a long time. Probably because I I felt
so powerless growing up that I'm so
interested in how how power works. And I
was so scared to advocate for myself and
I was the least assertive person that
you know until I met my wife and she
taught me how to be assertive and now
I'm like off to the races. So, that's
been helpful.
>> Uh on that note, uh
do these tactics work on on kids and
wives? Is this something that translates
>> Yeah, absolutely not. I would not
recommend that. Especially if your wife
knows what you do for a living and hears
you on the phone all the time and you
try to say, "What's the chance?" And
she's like, "No chance." What's Don't
don't pull that on me. I know what
you're doing, right? And toddlers are
terrorists, so I don't I haven't figured
that one out. I I've resorted to bribes
and maybe that is a little Machiavellian
on the on the toddlers. You can be you
can be out of your mind working on that,
but yeah, don't recommend it with your
spouse.
>> I would pay a lot of money for a version
of you for toddlers. Oh my god. It's
like
I try to negotiate with my kid, I'm like
I'm like 3 minutes, he's like six. I'm
like
4 minutes, no, six.
He never budges. So, it's
>> 5 minutes, he's like
>> eight.
Although sometimes he does that, too.
>> I I would Do you Do you want a binky?
And he goes, "Five binkies."
>> [laughter]
>> And you go, "Uh I don't know if we have
five." And he's all, "10 binkies."
>> He's like, "Whatever you need, I'll get
it if you go to sleep."
>> Yeah. Yeah, please sleep.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we need we need this for
toddlers. I would I would I would
subscribe.
>> Miss Rachel's the closest thing we got.
>> Yeah.
Okay, so coming back to this
compensation number. So, you touched on
this a bit and I think this is an
important part of your advice is when
the number question comes up, who should
speak first? What should your approach
be if they ask you this question of how
much do you want to make?
>> Yeah, there's there's a decent amount of
nuance in this, too. So, one thing you
should realize is that
especially earlier in your career,
they're going to push on this harder.
And that indicates that the person
asking is really more looking for a a
commoditized or a price sensitive hire,
right? That can be okay. Right? There's
nothing wrong with with sharing your
number and getting a deal that that
moves the needle early in your career
and even middle of your career. That
changes the higher up the ladder you go.
And this is one of the reasons I want to
share this is that what got you here
won't get you there.
Right? So, things start changing as you
mature in your career. And so, when
you're working with a top recruiter,
they don't ask you about comp.
They won't. The problem is top
recruiters only reach out to you when
you're very well known
and they don't reach out to you very
often. So, if you it's very difficult to
optimize for inbound attention the
higher up you go unless you become very
popular.
Right? And then what happens is you
share less information because people
come to you in a different capacity.
Right? So, nine times out of 10, a
recruiter reaching out to you is going
to ask that number.
Right?
One time out of 10, they're going to
just focus on the value creation. Those
are the ones you want to focus on the
best possible. But, it could be
confusing because so often you get a
different side of the story, more of the
commodity type stuff. So,
typically I'd recommend you answer,
right? I don't talk about compensation
until we're ready to make an offer. It
sounds like we're pretty far away there.
I'd love the opportunity to learn more
about the team, understand where the
value comes in
and proceed kind of down that path to
make sure we're a good fit. Is that
going to be a problem?
And then typically they'll say, "Yeah,
it is going to be a problem. I just need
to know a number." Right? Now,
I mean this is what it is very
uncomfortable to do this back and forth
and to say no. Especially Americans have
a hard time saying no. I have noticed
that other cultures can be more direct
and just say, "No, I'm not going to do
it." Right? So, be it. Right? So,
culturally there's a lot of differences
in how this conversation happens.
And so, they say, "Look,
we we
we need a number from you." You might
say, "Look, I'm uncomfortable doing that
right now cuz I don't understand the
scope of the role. Can you help me
understand what you had in mind?
Right? The reason I learned this is
I used to be a marketing manager making
$12 an hour in downtown San Francisco
for series A companies. Not knowing that
$12 an hour wasn't a lot of money. I
just didn't know any better. But then I
looked at marketing managers and I saw
that they made 60 grand a year and I was
suddenly got offended at how little
money I was making.
Right? Then I got promoted to director
in that period and was making $14 an
hour. Good for me. Right? And then I saw
that marketing directors were making
110,000 at the time. So when a recruiter
called me, I pulled that. I didn't want
to tell him I was making $14 an hour.
They'd be like, who is this kid? He's
not very good. That's fake title.
And instead I said, "What did you have
in mind?" And they said, "Oh, we're
looking at 110 to 130." And I'd say,
"Oh, I'm on the upper end of that now."
And so I went from $14 an hour to
$120,000 a year in a single month a
single jump.
Just like that. That changed my life.
One negotiation. It's one of the reasons
I'm so passionate about that. I hated
the marketing work for what it's worth.
But I thought like if I made a lot of
money, it would make that pain go away
of not liking my job. Turns out that was
a fool's errand, but that's a story for
another time.
>> Do things in your experience ever fall
apart when you try to do that? Because
that is a scary thing to push back on.
Just like, no, I'm not going to tell you
number and you're giving us advice on
how to say it in a nice way. And then
just like, what did you have in mind?
The fear is like, okay, they're going to
hate me and they're going to be like,
oh, this is not worth it. We're going to
move on. Has that ever happened? What
are the odds that that might happen?
>> A couple things about power. Right? So,
if you have the ability to say no, you
have infinite power.
Right?
The nuance changes when
when you don't have a job and you need
to pay your mortgage, you might answer
that differently because you want some.
Right? Now, this isn't to shame somebody
who's feeling that way. Right? If you're
out of work for 6 weeks in San
Francisco, you're homeless. Right?
That's just the reality of the
situation. So if I got to say a number
to get a job,
I I that's fine. Right? But understand
that once you're employed and somebody's
asking you and your needs are already
getting met, why do you need to get
pushed around?
Right? This is one reason that it's
easier to find a job when you have a
job. Now, I think this is a myth for
what it's worth, but this is easier
because naturally your needs are getting
met financially to a degree.
So, naturally you negotiate more
confident.
When you're out of work and you have the
uncomfort of being out of work 6 months,
12 months, 18 months,
you have an identity tied to a chief
product officer role or VP of product
like that's your identity in our
country. We don't ask who you are and
about your kids. We say, "What do you do
for a living?"
And when you are stripped of that title,
it's uncomfortable. And we want that
pain to end.
And so, we give in to these demands
because it's an authoritative figure and
we want that pain to go away.
If we have the finances and the luxury
of being able to say no, we increase our
power.
If we have the ability to push back and
practice these difficult conversations,
you will increase your power and you'll
you'll land at a higher rate because of
it. So, can it get frustrating?
Absolutely. But if somebody disrespects
you through that process, doesn't that
give you an indication of who the
company's working with?
Right? Now again, I might accept that
because I need the money. I understand.
Right? But it's very telling how
somebody's going to treat you depending
on very simple pushbacks. And one
behavioral psychology hack here
is we give someone a a positive
reputation that they want to withhold
whether they deserve it or not.
So,
in this instance, you'd say the
recruiter,
"I want to thank you for being an
advocate for me and for respecting
that I won't share compensation figures
right now.
I appreciate that."
And then they are trapped. They have to
say, "No, I don't respect you. I have to
do this."
Or they have to say,
"You're right. Like that makes sense.
Let me move you forward or not. Right?
Another option,
you don't necessarily know if you're the
best solution for that fit or not.
And so we're obviously very ingrained
when a recruiter reaches out to you and
they say, "Look, we're going to pay
120 and you make 150." And you're like,
"Oh, I'm not interested. That's not even
close."
I would recommend continuing that
process anyway to see as practice what
you can negotiate. You can always say no
later. Right? Just because having that
practice is going to make you hundreds
of thousands if not millions more in
your career.
Alternatively, if you feel bad about,
"Oh, I wasted their time because I was
too much for what they needed." Make
recommendations for them.
So when the offer comes in and you said
it was a senior PM role and what you
realized is the JD and all of the work
that you did is actually a director
role, but they're not going to pay for a
director role, right? How often does
that happen?
You get to say, "Look, you know, this
role isn't in alignment with where we're
headed, right? Would you like me to make
an introduction to somebody that's a
better fit?"
So you still get to help them. You
remove yourself.
And then sometimes they say, "No,
actually we do want the role to be more
senior. We're going to extend for you."
Like my first VP role came out of
turning down a content manager position
for 70,000. And 6 months later I landed
a VP for a quarter million.
Like that was my my first realm into VP.
The initial offer was for content
manager.
So it came three, four levels up the
food chain. That was a long negotiation,
but these things can happen if you don't
say no too quickly.
>> Along these lines, I want to touch on it
feels like maybe the core
uh approach you take, kind of the core
of your philosophy, which is to kind of
break out of this idea of some benchmark
for a specific role and instead
make it very clear to the company,
"Here's the pain I will solve for you
that is really important to you and
here's why it's worth paying you this
much more because it's such a big
problem for you." Talk about just that
mindset.
>> So, this really comes down to having
curiosity and showing curiosity about
the actual problem. Because usually if
I'm speaking to a room of 400 people,
right? Which I I'll occasionally do with
some communities. I'll ask them, "Who is
actually doing the job that's on their
job description?"
Nobody will raise their hand. It's not
like you have your job description right
there and that's what you do, right?
There's always so much more that's not
documented.
Right? Now, when you're going into a
position you see a JD and like, "Yeah, I
could do all those things." But there's
so much more, right? This is another
reason that
anchoring to a number too early is
tough. Because you anchor to, "Oh, this
is this is fair for a senior PM role."
Right? This is fair. Then you go through
the process of the interviewing,
it's very clear that it's a director
role. You're going to lead five people.
They scoop another team under you. Oh,
we're going to put a product-led growth
motion under you, too. There's an whole
engineering pod and there's this and
there's this. All of a sudden, that's
called scope creep, right? So, they
scope creep the role. They talk about
how they want a senior hire. They're
excited about you. They get you excited
about it. And then they then they give
you the offer and it's actually 20%
under the number that you originally
shared.
And then you say, "Okay, well, this
looks like a director role. I want X."
And they say, "But you said you only
wanted 140."
Now they're using a number against you
and it's very awkward to come back from
that.
And so, that's why we don't want to
anchor too early. We want to understand.
And so, this is one thing I wish
especially product engineers, designers,
that side of the the the product stack,
I would love for you to treat more of
these like a sales conversation.
Right? You are an enterprise solution, a
consulting solution
that is several hundred thousand dollars
if not millions of dollars a year. If
you were to sell that product into an
organization, think enterprise B2B deals
and I know I'm getting a little
buzzwordy here. Think take enterprise
B2B deal to Salesforce and you're going
to sell a million and a half dollar
product. It would take you 18 months to
develop the relationships and close that
deal.
You have to develop
champions in the organization. You have
to understand what value you can create
for each of those people so that they
can advocate for you.
You don't come in and pitch them the
price right off the bat. You need to
understand the value.
So, through the process, it's a
discovery process.
Why am I here?
What gets you excited about me?
Right? That's how we start a
conversation. Too many interviews start
with
you know, tell me about yourself.
Tell me about the stuff in the past. If
you're talking about your past, you're
on the back foot and you're losing that
conversation.
You're the one revealing information.
You're not getting anything.
We instead want to have a conversation
and say, "Look,
some of the best interviews I've always
had felt a little bit more like
consultations or brainstorming sessions.
Are you open to having a chat like that
today?"
That's the first step.
Typically, they say, "Yeah, that sounds
way better than me trying to drill you
with questions." So, let me ask you,
like, what are some of the things that
you're excited about? I imagine, Lenny,
you're excited to talk to me cuz I can
help some of your audience negotiate.
You've seen proof where dozens of your
subscribers have made more money with
the article we wrote together. You've
even seen that some of your guests,
unknowingly,
have been negotiated against with some
of the work that I've done. Is there
anything that I missed? What's exciting
to you? So, I want to clarify why I'm in
the room with you.
Right? So, we do that as a PM. It sounds
like Now, we move to labeling. It sounds
like
you have a challenge with this product
line. It sounds like we need to move or
ship product faster. It sounds like AI's
been a problem and we need to shift
towards
native AI.
Is there anything that I missed?
Right?
Then they're revealing information. You
take control of that conversation.
And then we want to share, "What have
you done about it?
Like, how big of a problem is this in
the organization? This is basically a
SWOT analysis.
Like what are some of the things you've
done well? What are some of the areas
that the team failed?
What are some of the things we should be
doing that we're not?
And what are some of the things we
absolutely shouldn't touch?
So I want to add I want to ask all these
discovery questions. They're like, "Oh
look, it's a it's a $10 million problem
or we've we've gone through five
different PMs in 6 months." And you're
starting to understand where the dirty
laundry in the company is.
Then we get to sell the vacation.
Right? Then we get to say, "Look,
all right, so fast forward 6 months from
now and we're working on this problem
together
and we've solved the churn in the
engineering department
or in the design department or whatever.
We've solved that and we've got two
product launches under our belt.
When you head into that board meeting
next, how can we ensure that your head
is held high?"
So what I'm doing is I'm psychologically
walking them to a position of
like a pain in the most position. I've
removed the friction and the pain from
their shoulders and I forced them to
visualize a utopian situation
and who is right next to them doing
that?
I was.
So when it comes to your competition,
there is no competition. I'm the only
person who walked you into a vacation
that you want to be in looking forward
to your head held high in a board
meeting that's usually stressful but
instead this time because you worked
with me, it's not stressful.
Then all of a sudden when it comes to
the offer stage,
there may be five other PMs but I can
only imagine working with Jacob. And so
when I push back, the likelihood that I
break the rules is significantly higher
than if I hadn't done that.
>> This is amazing. So trying to just
summarize what you're sharing here and I
think it's important for people to also
know like you can do it in your own
words. This is likely not something
you'll just be able to pop out and do
like this is something that takes time
to
do well and it feels awkward probably
and that's why people work with you that
they like probably role play in all
these things, but still like there's
things people can pull out of this that
they can do on their own.
>> It could be tricky to understand where
your value is, right? Cuz you're so
close to it. You just do this every day.
And for
you know, product folks that only listen
to product folks and
and are in the product ecosystem in your
bubble, Lenny,
they're not seeing the impact on
marketing. They're not having those
conversations necessarily. So it's so
ingrained in everything that you do that
you could functionally be excellent, but
in order to break these boundaries, you
have to be cross-functionally
understanding how it impacts others and
the motivations of others. That's when
things really start to unlock. And
that's where just understanding a little
perspective can be helpful in that
outside influence there.
>> I think this is important to just
briefly summarize your approach.
So the idea here is
figure out in many ways what matters
most to them,
what problems do they have, what they
see in you just like understand the
landscape of where you could bring a
tons of value, help them see that like
here's the problem that I can help you
with, here's the problem that you have
that we need like here's the many
problems that we can help you with. And
then help them visualize you describe it
as sell the vacation, help them
visualize, okay, now that this is
solved, how is how how awesome would
that be?
And part of there's like all this
psychological stuff you're throwing in
there just like how do you actually do
this?
>> really make this concrete with a quick
story.
>> do it.
>> So,
there's a very famous musician
who was born the same year as me for
those super sleuths out there
who had a tour, a billion-dollar tour,
and a documentary.
And the director of said tour was a hot
commodity in Hollywood. Every agency
wanted to sign this director. This
director didn't want to just do movie
documentaries, right? Wanted to start
producing actual movies. Like that's the
dream, right?
So, every agency wanted to sign this hot
director who just did this
billion-dollar deal with
People already know who it is, right?
And so, my client, the agent, asked me,
like, we got to sign this. Like, it
would be stupid to go to any other
agency, right? We've done this, we've
done that, we've represented Julia
Roberts and and Matt Damon and all these
things. He's just naming name-dropping,
right?
Now, this is a actually a problem
because if we're leaning on logic and
credibility, we're losing. All right, we
need to sell the future and and own the
emotion. And so,
he she just asked me, how do we close
this deal?
And to me, this was very simple. I said,
if you already had the job, who would
you introduce him to?
If you already had it, the deal's
already signed. So, put yourself in the
position that you're already doing the
job. That's why in interview process, if
you treat it like you're consulting,
you're doing a value exchange and you're
increasing your value and you're asking
the right questions. If you feel like
you're on the outside and you're having
to say, well, look, Lenny, I did this
and I did that. Did you see I have, you
know, 3 million words written? Like, why
wouldn't you want to be the guest? Like,
I don't care about what you've done, I
care about what you'll provide my
audience, right? So, in this deal, we
get into the meeting, it's a big day,
right? And I said,
make the make the schedule the
appointment already. Work with the
assistant, schedule the appointment,
right? With whoever it is it needs to
be. Needs to be a big-name person. So,
we go into that interview and
inevitably, the conversation goes, why
should I sign your agency?
And so, my client says, what are you
doing on Friday? I cleared a lunch with
your
assistant.
And he says, well, I guess I'm going to
lunch. And she's like, great, I'll have
you meet Steven.
And he said, Steven who? And she said,
Steven Spielberg.
And then,
some form after that, it was, where do I
sign?
Because the meeting was already set with
Steven Spielberg. For somebody who wants
to get into
film production, what better meeting to
have?
Right? So, for the other agencies,
they're like, "We're the greatest thing.
Like, we've represented this director
that did this media tour, and we did
that." They lost because we sold a
vacation and we made it a reality right
then and there. And the value was clear.
>> So, there's both this mindset shift of I
am I'm going to try to actually help you
figure out where I can be helpful and
where the problems are, and then start
actually thinking about
how to fix this. And also, there's like
try to even do it. Sounds like you could
just do it.
>> can do it. So, one of the tricks of my
business is
like I I can plant seeds with my clients
really easily because I'm on the phone
with somebody and I'm understanding who
they need to connect with. And so,
they might say, "Oh, I need, you know,
I've been interested in getting to to
Google or whatever." Let's say they're
in product. I say, "Oh, I I have
somebody in product at Google. Let me
make a text for you real quick." And
I'll just do it while I'm on the phone.
I'm just Just hold on a second. Hold on.
And then what happens is they get the
beep.
That's reciprocity. Like, I'm triggering
a reciprocity imbalance.
And then I'm making another one for
them.
So, I'll sometimes do two or three
introductions
right then and there, and they see the
value before I'm even off the phone.
What I've also done is I've given three
different touch points where I can make
sure that that person is following
through. I can get a 360° view of that
person. I can ask one of those people to
prompt them to close with me if I need
to sell a deal.
I'm getting a reciprocity imbalance. So,
what I want to do is show that I have
the resources to support them, whether
they sign a contract or not.
And that's where we go. In In this
instance, like if you want to role-play
with me for a second,
something that would be really exciting.
Like, Lenny, I want to understand what's
exciting to you.
If today's podcast was the best podcast,
the highest performing podcast that had
ever happened, right? What would that
mean to you?
And also, what did we do to make it so
successful? What are the comments that
people had to put down below? What are
the things they said to make you feel
like my conversation with Jacob was the
best conversation I had all year? What
would that look like to you?
>> Like I immediately love this question as
a
you know, like it sounds to people like
this is manipulative and like it could
come across as that as an external
observer, but to me I'm like this is
exactly what I want to achieve and I
love that you're thinking about this
that I want you to be focused on this
and I would do a lot to help make this
happen. Uh
I guess to answer your question, I would
just love it to be uh very concrete
tactical advice that people can use to
help negotiate their comp.
And they spread this with all their
friends that are like this is the best
thing you've ever heard around comp.
>> And one of the things that we can do is
that we plant what you want someone to
say in that conversation as well. So
when I'm talking to these executives and
I'm making the introductions, sometimes
I'll ask or an introductions come to me,
I'll be curious like when you go back
and you share with a friend, what are
you going to say about me? Are you going
to say Jacob was really helpful? Or are
you going to say that Jacob was an
Right? I'm curious. And sometimes I just
make a complete reframe so there's no
other option.
Right? Well, I'm obviously not going to
say you're an so I'm going to
say you're the great thing that I want
you to say. I'm controlling the
narrative I want them to perpetuate. So
in this instance, and maybe some of your
readers are going like this guy's a
total manipulative jerk, right? I will
say I hope that you use this for good
and not evil, but this is just the way
power works, right?
I would hope that in the comment section
you say Lenny, this was such a
refreshing and energetic
podcast. Like this is what we want more
of. This is exciting. We've done a lot
of stuff in AI, this was very cool and
different, right? So I'm I'm suggesting
if you felt that way, share something
like that below, right? Too many YouTube
videos are like oh like and subscribe
and that's all they do, right? Which
does trigger action. It's a very simple
thing. But when it comes to navigating
your net worth and negotiating for
power, these executives at the top
control what every other person is
saying.
Naturally, they know when somebody's
talking about them when they're not in
the room, and they've not only know
about it, but they know what they said
about them. Similar to when somebody's
like, "Oh, Lenny, we're going to do
reference checks on you."
What's the first thing you do? You call
all those references and you say, "What
are you going to say about me?"
Right? Ideally, you can control that to
some capacity and improve the likelihood
of you moving forward. So, we already do
this.
We just have to integrate it into some
everyday conversations and you could
better control outcomes.
It's the same interview process. When
you go back to your committee,
are you going to say,
"Jacob solved XYZ and we're excited.
Like, slam dunk. Let's move forward."
And I like really quick, like, "Slam
dunk."
Right? Easy to remember.
Or are you going to say there's a couple
gaps here in some of the competitors
that we have or some of the competition
seems more fulfilling.
And I want to ask for that feedback
while I'm still on the call with you. I
don't want to wait for an email to say,
"I'm sorry, you're not a fit." And then
you ask for feedback and you don't get
any. I have to do it while we're live in
person because you can't deny me in that
moment without it being awkward.
So, what are you going to say? Is this a
slam dunk?
What's one thing I should have asked
that I didn't? What are some areas that
the other candidates excelled that you
wish I showed more of?
I want to understand where those gaps
are so I have an opportunity to address
them. And then,
if I didn't make the mark, I'd say, "I'd
love to have a conversation with you
next Thursday to talk through that in
more detail. Thank you for bringing that
to my attention."
And you close the next conversation.
You don't give up, necessarily.
You know, that was another monologue,
but
that was a that was a little bit inside
the mind of how I think about these
things.
>> No, this is so awesome. So, you know, if
you think about a hiring manager having
someone like like, I don't know
I don't I don't Let's imagine I'm
interviewing for a role. If I come to
them if and say, "Here's the problem.
I'm going to solve churn for you. I'm
going to fix your onboarding flow. I'm
going to figure out how to level up your
design experience cuz I know that these
are big challenges for you right now."
Like if I was the hiring manager, I'd be
like, "Holy this is awesome. This
is I just need someone to come in and
solve these problems for me. This is
>> And you better deliver. Right? And you
And that's the other thing. It's
It sounds like if this guy can't deliver
>> Mhm.
>> it's not going to happen. If this gal
can't deliver, that's frustrating.
Right? I'm not suggesting
go so far outside of your comfort zone
that you feel like you can't do it.
Right? Because that reputation will
haunt you. Right? You have to really
understand. And I would also add that
I wouldn't be so sure that I'm going to
fix the onboarding flow.
I wouldn't be so sure that I'm not so
sure that you
know that's the problem yet.
The longer we can drag out the hiring
process
>> And this sounds like pulling teeth,
especially when you're unemployed. Like,
I just want the pain to be over. I'm
asking you to slow it down.
The more you slow down the process
the more you fight back about the
manufactured urgency of us needing to
get into that role sooner, the more
information you're going to understand
about that company and how you could
really help.
Right? So, you could say, you know,
Lenny, I hear that you want to fix the
onboarding flow.
I hear that. I hear this. But, it sounds
like that product might be deprecated
anyway in this wave of AI. Is that a
possibility?
What I don't want to do is prioritize
something that the team's going to cut.
Right? That's going to hurt the P&L. Or
whatever.
Now, I can only ask that question if I
truly ask the right questions to
understand.
Right? So, you may come in This is the
same concept as never be so sure of your
worth that you wouldn't accept more.
You're so sure of the job description
that they need these three things that
you don't even try to ask the questions
to understand what the deeper problem
is. And this going back also to why
founders might be frustrated with my
talk track, I'm not asking for you to
take your pie and give them a bigger
slice. I'm asking for you to work with
somebody to expand the pie so everybody
gets bigger slices. That's the that's
the plan. And if you train your
candidates and you're more revealing and
if their performance is tied to it,
naturally they need to ask more
questions to understand how to make it
true.
That's what we want. That's keeping
companies up into the right.
>> I like that you went there around don't
over promise because it's easy to say
we're going to solve all your pain for
you. I'm going to I'm going to be the
best in the world.
>> promise. You under promise, over
deliver. Always. Under promise, over
deliver.
>> This episode is brought to you by Omni.
Many product teams today are in the
process of debating how to ship AI
analytics. The hard part is obvious.
Having an LLM guess at SQL in production
is a huge mess and just a bad idea. Omni
takes a different approach. They have a
semantic layer built in so that when you
embed their analytics, [music] the AI
actually knows your business
definitions, not just your raw tables.
You can test queries, validate the
reasoning, and lock down permissions
before anything hits production. [music]
If you want AI analytics in your product
without building the whole stack from
scratch, check out omni.co/lenny
for a free 3-week trial. Companies like
Perplexity, DBT, and BuzzFeed use Omni
to ship analytics their customers can
trust. That's omni.co/lenny.
>> There's this balance of being confident
in your abilities to achieve something
big and solve problems, and then there's
this other piece of just don't over
promise.
Is there anything you help people do to
help feel more confident about they will
actually be a huge asset to this company
and they're worth all this extra money?
How do you Is it like a pep talk? How do
you help people?
>> Yeah,
part of my hat I was hype man hat,
right? You got to be a man to a degree,
and I work with some of the most
privileged and successful people in the
world. Right? It's not that hard to say,
"Look at your life, and look at your
choices. Most of the things you've done
have been good." Right? At least
financially. Right? We could debate
about the ethics of the companies they
work for and those things. Right? Now,
most of the decisions that you've made
in your career have made you a top tenth
of a percentile of the earners on the
planet.
Don't tell me you're not confident.
If you can't hold that. Another thing
that I do
is that I put it I I reframe everything
in a language they understand. So, if
I'm working with a sales leader,
the job search process is an enterprise
sales process. Like, if you understand
enterprise sales, you understand how to
do this. You just don't know how to do
it for yourself. If you're in marketing,
you should know about positioning and
market research. That's the same thing
as going into a job market and
understanding what to do. You understand
that an inbound lead is much easier to
close than an outbound lead. If you're
in product and you're orchestrating a
PRD, right? It's the same thing. You're
understanding the users' demands. You're
creating for those demands. You're opt
like you're developing the right flow.
You're making the design as simple as
possible. You're eliminating friction.
That's a term I use a lot, which I know
product leaders will use also. We want
to eliminate friction. Right? How does
that look in your job search? Well, what
does the customer want? Who's your
buyer? The buyer is the hiring manager.
Maybe it's the chief product officer.
Maybe it's the CEO. What do they care
about?
When you're doing it for a company, you
know which customers to interview. You
know how to do that. Well, you need to
interview lots of CEOs. You need to
interview lots of sales people who are
trying to solve this growth problem or
lots of AI side. And again, it's not
just product. Right? So, you're now
interviewing your customers. You're
understanding their needs. Now, you're
designing solutions for their needs.
Now, how do you make it as frictionless
as possible so it's a no-brainer and
they go through your user flow as easy
as possible?
So, for product folks, instead of
thinking, "Wow, this stuff sounds like
Machiavellian manipulation and it sounds
like a power trip and it sounds like
something I could never do because I'm
not Maybe I'm not as gregarious and
maybe I'm not a 6'3" tall white dude in
California who's got that sales persona
and he's got that extraversion. I'm not
that. Don't Don't be me.
Don't be Jacob Light. Be you, your
authentic you,
and apply it to what you already know.
You know how to do this in product.
Design it for your career.
And you remember the early days of
writing PRDs and how rough it was?
Remember how rough it was to go back to
the engineering team and just little by
little get product sprints out where the
product is just moving a little bit at a
time. Remember how hard that was? The
early days of managing your career like
this will feel like that, too.
But you also know that if you're 10
years in your career, this stuff becomes
second nature.
Right? So, I want to reframe to the
experiences that you already know and
that will develop confidence.
>> I like this framing you're referencing
here for product people of this idea
like you're basically trying to position
yourself the way you'd position a
product kind of the value prop of the
basically as a product team, you're
trying to sell people on here's why this
product is worth paying money for. And
in this and you do that by understanding
you do your research, you understand
their pain points, you understand how to
position it so that you make it clear
this will solve your pain point.
Essentially, that's what you're
describing from when you're interviewing
is think about it that same way.
>> The part I don't want to gloss over is
making it frictionless.
Right? So,
interviewing is a skill on both sides.
Most people don't know how to interview
very well. It's tell me about yourself.
Like, tell me about this product you
built. Tell me about that, how that
looked. You don't get anywhere talking
about the past.
Like you you might build credibility and
and all that great.
You don't start solving problems in that
process. So, they're like, "Okay, well,
I saw that." Now, you're going to go on
to the next person. They're going to do
the same crap.
Right? Same thing, same thing, same
thing. So, you repeat your story ad
nauseam and you never learn anything and
you never grow.
So, how do we make this frictionless?
Well, I want to make it cognitively
easier for you to have a conversation
with me by leading.
That's why I had that framework I was
talking about earlier. Like, why am I
here?
What are the problems you have? I
suspect it's this. What have you done
about it? What would it look like if we
solved it? Now, I'm taking so much of
the pressure off of you. I'm controlling
the narrative and I'm collecting more
information while revealing none about
my comp expectations. And what I'm
focused on is creating as much value as
possible.
Now, there are situations where
companies don't have the budget, right?
Like, this isn't a miracle drug kind of
thing. But I'm making it frictionless
to at least get to the part where they
want you. That's the first step. They
have to want you for you to have any
leverage.
Right? Then even in the interview
processes, I might say, "Hey Lenny, you
know, I suspect the next person I talk
to from your ecosystem is Marc
Andreessen. Right? Can you give me some
advice on how I should work with Marc?
I want you to coach me on how to deal
with Marc."
That's going to make it more
frictionless, right? Now, I also want to
put you in a position to be a coach
because coaches want their players to
succeed.
So, if I'm having you coach me,
psychologically, you're going to go talk
to Marc and you're going to say, "Hey
Marc, you're going to have to talk to
Jacob for all these reasons, right?"
Then when I talk to Marc,
I get to say, "You know, Lenny shared
that I should talk about X Y Z thing.
Are those Is that really what you care
about?"
I'm making it frictionless across the
process and I'm closing the next part of
the conversation regardless of whether
you wanted me to introduce me to those
other people or not.
So, you might say, let's say you're
interviewing for product role,
I suspect you want me to talk to the
head of engineering.
I suspect you want me to talk to Clay,
the VP of marketing. And I suspect you
want me to talk to Catherine, the VP of
sales. Right?
What would you like me to say them?
What's the message you want me to share?
And they may not have had them in the
interview process in the cycle, but I'm
putting them in the cycle.
Like I'm making it easier for you to
know who to introduce me to next. And
then I'll even go as far as saying, "I'm
not available again until Thursday.
What's the chance that time works?"
So, I'm building scarcity about my time.
I can meet with this VP then, but I'm
making myself stickier in the
organization. I'm getting more knowledge
about what people need.
Right? So, this is similar to selling an
enterprise deal. You're building
champions
in the organization that love you, and
they're all coaching you on how to coach
you like to work with each other.
So, you're getting the inside scoop on
how to navigate that. That's how you
become hyper valuable. You need to
create that leverage if you want to take
that standard 20% we talked about and
make it 40 or more.
That's why it starts much sooner.
Because if you're not doing that, if you
come to me and you're like, "Jacob, I
have an offer." I can get you maybe 40.
Right? If you come to me sooner, I might
have elevated that initial offer 40
without you knowing it, and then we
moved it even further.
Right? So, it's a big process that we
need to be mindful of.
>> So, it seems like a big part of your
process and advice is to flip it flip
the interview as much as you can to
extract information so that you can
build a case of how you will solve their
pain.
Say you're like an IC product manager
interviewing at Meta.
What are the odds you can kind of flip
these conversations or take a big chunk
of that talk
from them asking you, you know, their
standard questions to you asking them
what problem what are the biggest
problems, what would be awesome if I
came in, like all that stuff you shared
about to extract to build this case
later?
>> One of the things I found frustrating
about IC roles is they're not often
rewarded as well as leadership roles,
which is frustrating because
there are a lot of very talented ICs.
Now, I have seen specifically with Meta,
I actually interviewed for a Meta IC
manager role like an i9, it was like 1.2
million a year. They were specifically
hiring former CEOs and I found that to
be interesting. They hired 150 growth
PMs at this i9 level and they were
rewarding them very well.
I don't think it changes.
I think that whether you're a leader of
people or you're a leader of process,
you're still a leader. And the reason I
propose taking ownership of the
conversation isn't to be
steamrolling or talking over people or
or completely, like I'm not saying do
this devoid of context. You don't just
blow out and like talk over somebody and
ramble, right? Which I'm one to talk,
apparently. But uh
you go into this conversation and you
even flow with them.
Right? But you The reason I want you to
take ownership is cuz I can't control
who you're going to get on the other
side of the line.
I can't control the mood they're in. I
can't control their motivations. I can't
So, as a coach, I can't control how they
show up,
but you can control how you show up.
And we can work to navigate and then you
start to get some
I guess uh nuanced skills where you read
body language and you feel comfortable
saying, "You know, Lenny, I saw that
that maybe wasn't the right thing to
say. Can you tell me more about that?"
Then you start getting confidence and I
say assertiveness, not aggressiveness.
There's a difference.
And so, that comes across as confidence.
And so, I don't think there's a
difference between being an IC and being
a leader in terms of how you approach
this. But I have noticed a difference in
the pay and that can be frustrating. So,
that means that if I were working with
more IC folks, I would ask questions
like
"It sounds like, you know, independent
contributor roles are very valuable at
Meta. Can you share a little bit about
how they're valued compared to leaders
on the team?"
I might ask a question like that.
Because again, they can't say we value
you less.
I've given them a reputation where they
have to say we value you.
Then
you get your offer, you check levels or
you check some of these benchmarks
because we all do, right? We look, we
want to know, right? Maybe we call up a
couple friends that are similar level.
Then you can use objective criteria
against them. You're like, you know, you
mentioned that you valued ICs as much as
leaders.
Right? And I just got curious, so I did
a little digging and it it looks like
this this is like about 30% under what a
leader would make. Is that Is that
normal?
Right? I appreciate you being an
advocate for me and I'm pushing back.
Can you help me understand if we can
lift this to be
more equitable?
Right? I'm using information I gathered
for them and I'm not just beating them
up with it. I'm just saying like you
said
we treat this fairly. Prove it.
Or prove to me that you lied.
>> And this And this works is what you're
saying cuz that like if I was the hiring
manager, I'd be like, "No, I'm sorry,
that's just not how it is."
>> I mean, in in many cases it can be,
right? But
I'm trying to I'm trying to open up an
emotional conversation more so than
logic and credibility cuz you lose. You
will always lose the logical and
credible argument against a company.
There's information asymmetry here. Meta
negotiates thousands of times a day. You
negotiate four or five times in your
career. That's it. Right? Thousands of
times a day. Recruiters, thousands of
times a day. You are at such a
disadvantage. This should also give you
confidence to negotiate in the first
place. You are at such a disadvantage.
Right? I just wrote an article on
uh the game of Werewolf
as an example
about how important information is. So,
the game of Werewolf is pretty simple.
Say there's 12 people sitting in a room.
Two, three of them are werewolves,
right? They draw a card at random. Three
people, two people, whatever. They get
their card and they know they're
werewolves.
There's a day and night scene and the
werewolves get to reveal themselves to
each other. So, they say, "Oh, you're a
werewolf?" Yeah, okay. We're werewolves.
Right? Then they go round by round and
they politic to vote somebody off of the
table.
Right?
Only two two three people understand,
right? When the werewolves reach parity
with the villagers, the werewolves win.
Right?
In even a
like a six to one or a five to one
situation, werewolves win 60 70% of the
time.
It shows the power of information. They
understand everyone else is clueless.
They know who's dangerous, they know
who's not. And that's just a that's a
outnumbered situation. Now, these
companies have significant leverage over
you.
They know what people make, they know
what others make, they know what they'll
accept, they know their budgets, they
know how to change their budgets.
And what I find interesting, especially
with executives, they push back on this
process. And I'm not going to lie, it's
a much easier for executives to do this
than it is for middle managers or lower.
So, if you are hiring manager Lenny and
you put your director head on, like it's
easy to deny somebody like that because
it's a little bit easier to find another
product manager. A little bit, right? If
we do our job to differentiate, then
we're doing better there.
But,
executives that are afraid to push back,
like your job is to make these rules.
You know who to influence to change
them.
You understand how the P&L works. That's
what you do for a living. And you're
telling me there's no flexibility?
You built it. Humans built this.
This is not concrete authority.
This can be influenced.
Why not try?
>> Let's try to summarize maybe the top
five
tactical tips that you've shared. If
we're just to kind of go through in
bullet points, just things people should
keep in mind when they're trying to
negotiate. Like one that comes to mind
is don't speak don't show the number
first. Try to get them to share number
first. Is that is that right?
>> Yeah, you also have to know how to
respond if they share the number first.
I'd rather no numbers be discussed if
you're open to
just waiting it out and saying, "So."
Important pieces So, the first one is
you never be so sure of your worth that
you wouldn't accept more. That's I think
Chris Voss quotes that quite frequent.
Uh the other one is never split the
difference and I have a I have a good
story about that. So, just because
somebody says, you know,
you started 100, they you say 200, they
come in at 150,
that's lazy, right?
One one brief example of this, I had a
uh chief revenue officer
and
they were paid $350,000 base salary,
350,000
bonus. So, 700,000 cash potential each
year.
Uh so, that's called on-target earnings.
They'll make 700. When we negotiated
their severance,
we said we wanted 6 months on-target
earnings. It was all agreed, right? The
paperwork comes back and it says 6
months base salary,
not on-target earnings.
So,
that means
6 months of base salary is like 187.5,
right? So, they cut his severance in
half by doing that. Now, his response
was I'll just tell the CEO, like let's
up that 90 and it'll be down 90. He was
going to split the difference like 260
or something whatever the math out to.
And I said instead, simply ask,
was that a mistake?
Right? You know, we had discussed
on-target earnings, that was
intentional, was that a mistake? He
said, "Oh, yeah, must have been. Let me
just tell the attorneys to fix it. Feel
free to redline it."
So, he almost lost 90 grand just
splitting the difference if not more,
right?
And then turns out 12 months later he
got fired and then he was able to recoup
$350,000 over 6 months. So, little
things like trying to split the
difference
uh too early can be painful. So, that
was
two points, I think. I know you know,
this is parts I'm bad at. Trying to get
a list of five.
>> is great.
>> Patience is more important. Like things
need to slow down. Haste equals risk.
The
slower you go, the more opportunity you
have to collect information so that you
can build a compelling case, right?
That's important. Uh
I am a a big believer in Aristotle and
his principles of rhetoric and ethos,
pathos, logos. And so I've mentioned a
little bit of this in their more common
tone of uh logic, credibility, and
emotion.
Uh timing is another one that we don't
often talk about. Kairos is important.
But too many executives lean on
credibility and logic because we're
trying to do that. We don't show
emotion. We don't show the authentic
side of ourselves in corporate. I think
often times cuz we're working soulless
jobs that we don't believe in and we're
just trying to make do and survive for
our families. I think there's a greater
need there.
The emotional side is where a lot of
deals get unfair.
So if we understand how to tap into
that,
I want to say Chris Voss I keep
mentioning Chris Voss, but he I think he
calls like tactical empathy, right?
Which does That sounds more
Machiavellian than anything I've ever
said, right? But understanding those
motivations and understanding how to
play on that can be important.
Right? So when we talk about
giving people a positive reputation,
we're playing into some emotions here.
So if I'm a female negotiating with
another female, I might say, "You know,
I appreciate that you've always been an
advocate for women and you support one
another. Like that's something I respect
about you."
Right? And then their comp comes in
lower than a man's comp,
you can call them out on that and say,
"If you were in my shoes, what would you
do?"
That's one of my favorite lines. If you
were in my shoes, like go backwards 5
years in your career, that's where I'm
at right now. If you were in my shoes,
what would you ask for?
I love that when negotiations stall
also, right? Like you know what's
possible here. You know what levers we
have. It sounds like we're capped out
here.
If you were in my shoes, what else would
you explore?
And you start to go that route as well.
Um the other piece is this is a
collaboration, not a confrontation.
So if I could give visual advice, often
times This is Oh wait, it's also could
be difficult in a Zoom. Like you and I
are kind of face-to-face.
Like we have this problem between us,
right? That's an adversarial position. I
want you to physically pretend that
you're in the same room
and I walk to to your office and I put
my arm around you, if you're comfortable
with it, and I'm instead of us arguing
over something, we're whiteboarding a
solution together.
I want collaboration and
that's how we break down walls and
barriers because you're sharing
information, I'm sharing information,
those types of things.
The
I think that was four, maybe it was
five.
Another one is
make it about we, not about me.
Right? So, another severance
conversation
uh with a chief marketing officer. This
is a hundred and two hundred
million-dollar private company couple
years ago.
So, she comes in,
she gets offered $340,000 base salary,
30% bonus, equity, right? We tried to
push on all that and the CEO said,
"Look, one of the things I pride myself
in
is that everyone here has $340,000 base,
30%, and the same equity package.
Everyone on the executive leadership.
Right? Now, she was getting pulled from
a hot company,
which is risky cuz she was safe there.
She actually was getting a raise coming
to this company. So, we didn't need to
push on more money. What we went for was
severance protections.
Right? And so, we asked, like,
standard is about six months, maybe plus
uh another month for every year served.
And the CEO is like, "Oh, we've never
done that before."
And so, instead of it being like you're
negotiating the terms of your divorce
before you get married, that's what's
awkward here. We said, "Well, given that
we've had a problem with talent being
poached, you going elsewhere, and we
just did a big riff,
wouldn't it make us look good to
proactively give everyone on the
executive leadership team six months to
show that they're safe and committed to
the company?"
And then we fed that idea to the CEO so
the CEO could look like the hero.
More importantly, when my client came
into that company, she looked like a
hero
because everyone's like, "That's the
woman that negotiated us all severance
protections."
Right?
So we made the company we used the
company's equitable policies to do that.
Now I will say that's not common.
Right? So the folk folks are like, "Ben,
that's fantastical." That may not
happen. Like especially with private
equity, it usually doesn't. Right? There
are There are ways that we want to
appeal to a humanity more so if we can.
Um
Bonus point. I know I'm monologuing a
lot.
Don't be afraid to get creative. Like
creativity is interesting and one time
we got someone a G Wagon and
after being like maxed out on comp I
like this story cuz it's so out of this
world. Not you're not going to get a G
Wagon. I promise you it is likely not
going to happen. But we had the CEO who
had two offers that were both 2.4
million and they were stalled. I know,
first world problem, right? Like tiny
violin. 2.4 million a year this CEO
deal. And she told me and this was
just a joke. Like it this wasn't some
Machiavellian plan. She was like, "Look,
I don't know which to choose. They're
both maxed out." And I was trying to say
which one would you like more. She
wasn't giving me anything. Right?
They're both fine, whatever. Like
And I said, "Well, I don't know. What
kind of car do you like?"
Right?
And uh
she She's like, "Oh, I love Mercedes."
Right? And I was like, "Tell them that."
But jokingly cuz they they inevitably
came to look, "What's it going to take
to hire you?" And she's like, "I don't
know. Like
oh, maybe a company car." And they said,
"Well, what kind do you like?" And then
she said, "Mercedes." And they're like,
"Done. What model?"
And then she's like, "Oh, G Wagon." And
what happened was all the budgets were
capped.
But it was a company write-off
to have a 6,000 lb vehicle. So it there
$350,000 car added to her contract
that was a company write-off that
reduced the tax expense.
So, like that's not going to happen. I
don't suggest people go ask for G
Wagons, but the fact is
we came to a stall point and we found a
solution for that.
>> I love these stories.
Uh another tip to share just that I want
to double down on is don't is don't
negotiate over an email.
Make it in person as if possible or
video call, right?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Just you have to be
more comfortable understanding the body
language and the tone. You're picking up
these things that you can't control when
somebody opens their phone.
Like the worst thing is they're on their
way to pick up their kids at school and
they open your email and it just doesn't
sit right with them and they're in
traffic. Like you can't control whether
someone's going to do that. Or like I
said earlier, being busy at the airport,
rushed through security. Or they just
got off a call with somebody that's
frustrated. But if I hop into a video
call and I can see that you're visibly
frustrated, like if for whatever reason
you look like your toddler kept you up
all night, I'd say, "Hey Lenny, would
you like to reschedule to a time that
feels more comfortable for you?"
Right? So, that we can get the most out
of our time together. Like that is a
blessing, right? You couldn't do that
over email.
>> Say things actually do fall apart. Say
they just pushed you hard and they're
just like
"Mm, okay. We're going to move on with
another candidate." Or they make you an
offer and they just they rescinded or
they promise something and they don't
deliver. How do you approach when things
go sideways?
>> Couple Couple elements to that story.
One, the the not delivering piece is
that's more common. Rescinded offers, I
have never had a client with a rescinded
offer.
The What I will get is a no. This is the
top, take it or leave it. Right? Fine.
They go they get a ultimatum. Fine. I
have, however, helped somebody. They
weren't a client. See also a CMO.
And she
she was offered an $800,000 contract
total cash-wise and
it was rescinded. And so I I took this
case on pro bono. I got a phone call. I
was like, I I just want to see how this
plays out, right? And she was in tears.
She lost this deal. She Turns out she
had a career coach who said, "You need
to negotiate like a white man."
Like that was her advice. Like you need
to be aggressive, you need to do this,
you need to do that. Like you need to
negotiate for your worth, which you
know, I understand the appeal of that as
like if I would understand like a woman
that wants to negotiate like a man and
get hers, I respect that, right? In this
situation, the context that was missing
is that she was negotiating with other
women.
So she was negotiating with this female
CEO and the three other females on the
executive leadership team and they
rescinded the offer because it sounded
like she was a bad cultural fit.
Because she was acting like a man. Like
she wasn't being her authentic self. She
was acting in this persona that she
wasn't comfortable with. And to be
honest, she said to me, "I wasn't
comfortable with that advice, but I did
it anyway because
women should stand up for each other. We
should push, right?" And I commended her
for that. And so what we did was I said,
"Look,
call the CEO, explain what happened.
Share that, you know,
obviously
it's important that women take care of
each other, right? And it's clear to me
that you have. There's that positive
reputation, right? I got to be honest
with you. I hired a coach
to try to understand what to do because
in the past I failed. In the past I
haven't been my best advocate. In the
past I've done less.
I suspect you know what that's like.
Boom, shared identity, right? They all
know All women know this together
collectively. This is a shared identity
tribe thing, right?
I made a mistake
and I I I disagreed with the advice, but
I did it anyway cuz I had to to
And they brought the offer back on the
table for her authenticity and
transparency.
So, like that was the path that we
it was two phone calls to come up with
that idea.
She got that deal back on the table, is
now happily making 800,000 a year.
Right? So, when things go south,
approach it with honesty, integrity. Say
like, I made a mistake. Take ownership.
Extreme ownership really helps here.
That could probably be one of those
those points. When you fail to live to
deliver, take ownership of that. Take
that note. It may mean you're getting
level set a little bit in your career.
That's okay. You're still growing.
>> That is so I I love that approach of
just like, okay, I hired this coach,
they gave me bad advice. It was it
actually
>> feel good, too. I was like, shoot, I
hired me.
>> [laughter]
>> It's interesting how negotiation is
different if you're a man versus a
woman. Do you take a different approach
if it's a female client versus a male
and it's just like, here's you should
approach it this way or or depends on
the
>> I take a different approach on every
person.
>> Yeah.
>> So, whether you're a product leader or a
marketing leader or a sales leader or
you're from San Francisco or you're from
Dubai or you're from New York or you're
from LA, like
or you're German or you're Everybody is
different culturally. So, male, female,
like every little nuance is is
important. If you're, you know, you're
gay or you're black or you're There are
different challenges that everybody has
to overcome.
Right? And I remember
this was a powerful one. I was speaking
to Chief. There was about 400 women in
Chief and I'm the I'm the white dude
mansplaining to all these women about
negotiations. Like the scariest position
for me to be in.
And I remember there was this
African-American gal
and she said, "Jacob, should we just
negotiate for 84% because that's what
we're going to get anyway?"
Right? Like that's defeatist. Like that
sucks to have that feeling. Right? Now,
I don't know what that feels like. Like
I have I have
done fairly well for myself and I there
are some advantages that I had. But I
said, "Look, like how many of you in
here are mothers?" Many of these women
raised their hands, right? "How many of
you are mothers to daughters?"
Right? Many of them raised their hands.
I said, "Could you look your little girl
in the eyes and say, 'Sweetheart, just
get 80% out there'?"
Just go after that and do that.
Right?
And it kind of like shocked the room a
little bit because I I can't compete on
that level, right? I don't know what
that feels like. I can't do that. But I
said, "Look, if we don't learn to grow
together,
we're never going to solve this
problem."
So, what we're trying to do here, and
this is what I encourage all listeners
to do,
fight back. There's a big power
imbalance, right? They Here Here's the
founders coming again and again. Like,
"Jacob, don't tell them to do that. I
don't want to revolt, right? Take care
of them, right?"
Push back because a rising tide raises
all ships.
Right? If companies want to rely on
precedent,
have the audacity to raise the precedent
because the next people in line will
will do that.
To the point about collaboration, this
was actually with a one of your readers
that read the that first article we did.
Um we made a lot of money on this deal.
>> And they came to you to work with you?
Oh, I love this.
>> Yeah, so the this is fun.
>> Mhm.
>> But so, this is kind of like a private
equity hostile takeover situation. And
this reader of yours was getting pushed
out of the company.
And if you try to go head-to-head with
the PE, you're going to lose, right?
He had a great relationship with the
CEO, 10-year relationship.
And but the CEO wouldn't take any action
to support him,
right? Until we made it about we. The
CEO had made comments that I'm probably
going to get fired, too, right? So, what
we did was we talked to the CEO and we
said,
"Whatever precedent you help me deliver,
you're going to get two to three times
that. So, we need to set this up."
Right? So, then they were full on. You
had the CEO and the CPO
putting together a game plan to advocate
against the private equity,
right? To support that transition plan,
we got a retention bonus and a severance
bonus on the table because of that.
Right? Cuz now the CEO is protected as
well, can point back to some precedent.
Right? So, not everybody does it out of
the goodness of their heart, not in a
capitalist society, right? You have to
show them
your motivations here are important.
Right? So, women negotiating, if you
want women after you
to have an opportunity have the
opportunities and better opportunities
than you have, you have to have the you
have to have the guts to do that. And
that's very easy for me to say, I'm not
in your shoes, but naturally we have to
be a rising tide. And there are folks
that aren't going to take that
challenge, and that's okay, right? Let's
all push for those to help it make it
easier for everyone.
>> I love this point you made about how
there's no one way to approach this. The
way I was originally thinking we do this
chat is like a step-by-step guide to
negotiating. Here's what you do, 1 2 3
4, and this is how your comp goes way
up. And what you told me is that that
just doesn't exist. There's so many
variables, there's so many types of
companies, roles, seniority, people's
backgrounds. Maybe speak to just like if
you ever see someone telling you here's
your steps to negotiate comp, it's just
it's probably not real.
>> That was one of the things that was hard
about the article we wrote together
was that I have gains, right? It's a
it's a process that I follow. It's not a
concrete step-by-step process, but one
of the reasons I'm so hesitant to go
this route is because
negotiation comes off so complicated.
It's so complicated and so academic.
When you look at the books that were
written, you have Well, Chris Voss has
kind of popularized it lately, but it's
like imagine there's a gun to your head
in an FBI situation, you're like
I don't have a gun to my head, I just
have dealing with my boss, and I want to
understand how to do this. Or you read
Getting to Yes, and it's like what what
you need is a strong BATNA and a good
ZOPA, and it's like very academic, and
you're in the moment trying to have a
conversation and have empathy and
listen.
But then you're like, what's my zone of
possible agreement? What's my best
alternative to like
those things are all very true, but it
comes off intimidating.
Right? And
when we
when we try to focus so much on
frameworks and and academic, we stop
listening.
And that's one of the most important
parts is curiosity and empathy are the
two things you need to have the most.
Right? If you're reaching a block,
why does that block exist?
If you don't know the answer, you
haven't asked the right questions.
Right? You don't necessarily know. It's
an information imbalance that you have.
And really what negotiation comes down
to information and timing. That's what
creates power.
Right? Those are the three things.
That's all you need to know. You have to
have the information.
When we were talking about that game of
Werewolf,
even when you're outnumbered five to
one, if you have more information, the
odds are you'll win.
Right? So,
I don't want it to be overly
complicated. One of the
I I guess I have to say it. So, I'm
trying to write a book this year. I'm
going to write it, right? I'm going to
write it.
>> It now must happen.
>> Now it must happen. I know like I just
kind of clenched up a little bit cuz
like I got I got to do it.
>> It's still early in the year. You got so
much time.
>> Oh, yeah, thanks. All right. I I'm a
prolific writer. I'll get after that.
But the book title is called
Predetermined.
And I wanted it to be Predetermined like
with a question mark.
Right? Because none of these outcomes
are predetermined.
No matter what situation you are in your
life, how you were raised, it will it
could be more difficult for you, but
it's not predetermined.
And it's
it's one of the reasons I love this work
is that I don't know what the outcome
can be.
We don't know. You should never be so
sure because then you start putting a
ceiling on your life.
And one of one of my favorite things to
ask somebody,
and they're like, "Oh, Jacob, I want to
do this in 5 years."
I say, "What would that look like if it
was done in one?
What must be true?"
I'm like, truncating that experience
just to think through it. Not
necessarily that I'm asking them to rush
through it or whatever.
But I have clients that they'll have 10
or 15 million dollars in the bank and
they'll be in their late 50s.
And they're like, "Oh, I need 10 or 15
more to retire."
What?
What do you mean you need 10 to 15?
Like, if I had a million dollars, I
would retire. Like, give me a break.
Like, that seems like so much money to
me. Why is that the case?
Right?
Um
so, I like to challenge those those
notions there, right?
Um
It's an important thing to think about.
Like, it's not as step-by-step as it
needs to be. Cuz sometimes
another one of my favorite questions,
what would your life look like with
less?
Maybe a minimalist or stoic type
philosophy.
One of these Hollywood deals we did,
uh we had a director and a Marvel
superhero that got in a spat on a big
franchise. This is a
estimated 500 million to billion-dollar
franchise opportunity.
This A-list celebrity
uh and their writer
uh
on this third installment of a movie
didn't like it.
So, think celebrity kind of being a
prima donna. I hate it. I don't like the
direction it's going. They're not
writing me right. Fire him.
Right? Offended the original director
cuz they wrote the first two
movies and they were very successful,
right? To build this franchise. So,
pissed off, right?
Next writer comes in. This is worse than
the one before. Can we just hire back
the first one and get work through it,
right? So, 6 months later, money,
production delays, all that. Go back to
that original writer.
And the agency's like,
"We got to throw money at this guy."
Like, to get him to say yes. Like,
here's a million more dollars, right?
Didn't do it. Like, a million dollars
wasn't enough to mend this relationship.
The important lesson here is it's not
always about money.
That individual was making $10 million a
year. A 10% increase to have to go back
to somebody they didn't like, not
powerful.
Right? My suggestion was, can you ask
the actor, this A-list celebrity,
to humble themselves and apologize?
And that is what moved the deal across
the line. Actually came in and
apologized for the behavior, it's not
going to be like that. That's what got
the deal back together, and the million
dollars was saved.
So, it's not always about money. I use a
lot of money in the stories because it's
kind of shock and awe. It's like, wow,
like that's going to have big impact.
Like, at the end of the day, if you're
making $18 an hour and you negotiate to
24, like such a material difference in
your life.
That is so magical to maybe be able to
afford gas for the first time. Right?
And then I'm telling stories where
people haven't thought about
how much gas costs ever, right? So, like
there are situations I remember that. I
just 10 years ago, well, 12 years ago, I
was homeless, like fighting through all
this stuff, and didn't know if I could
pay for gas. So, it's one of the reasons
I'm inspired to do that. Is that you can
make a material difference and it
compounds throughout your life, but it's
not always about money.
>> I want to follow this Hollywood thread
before we wrap up.
Uh I love that you work with Hollywood
folks, uh
celebrities, and also deck people, which
is most of the audience here.
Is there another uh wild story from your
Hollywood life uh that might be fun to
share?
>> I think what's interesting about
Hollywood is that
it's so far-fetched.
And you were talking about what happens
when offers get rescinded, right? And I
before I was working in Hollywood, I
would
I would have tried to talk people into
asking for $20,000 more, right? Which
after taxes is like eight, right? And
then when you look at it, it's like $400
a month or whatever that you're you're
struggling to maybe ask for 10,000
grand, right? In Hollywood, like we did
this deal with I can't share who. A-list
celebrity.
And the company said
we want to pay her $5 million for this
movie. And the attorney came back, we
want $22 million. Like
Like talk about being aggressive.
Right?
And the production company is like, all
right, how about 13?
And this was in like a 2-day span. So
they went from $5 million to $13 million
in 2 days.
And the other they're like, well,
instead of 22, how about 18, right? Like
they're moving $4 million chunks at a
time. And we're over here on tech going
like, oh, I wonder if I can get 10,000.
Right? So like that's something that I
just find absolutely wild. The bigger
the Like this is just like you want to
make money solve rich people problems,
right? That's what happens, right? It's
it's just escalated. I can only imagine
what a negotiation with like Elon Musk
would be like. They'll throw 100 million
at it. And you're like, oh my gosh. Like
I also found out that
a million seconds is like 11 days.
Have you ever heard this? A million
seconds is 11 days. Do you know how Do
you know how long a billion seconds is?
>> Like probably hundreds of years.
>> It's like 30. 30 years.
>> 31 years. So between 11 days That's the
discrepancy between a million and a
billion, right? And so these are just
like these things scale so
exponentially.
It's just that what you say and how you
negotiate just kind of changes. So if
you want to really increase your comp,
you do have to move rooms.
Right? You have to start networking and
making connections with folks that can
do that with you.
>> Maybe as a last question just to get
very tactical. Somebody that maybe is
about to get an offer, got an offer,
will get an offer in the near future.
What's like what's the first thing they
should do to help them increase their
comp? Is it just reply with is there
room for more? What's like what should
they do when they get that email?
>> Okay.
You always give me these nuanced ones,
huh? So, it's
They get it from the recruiter or they
get
>> Yeah, let's say the recruiter's it's
probably where Yeah.
>> Recruiter's going to again, they're
probably going to have that 20% with a
room there.
If you're okay with that, I might again,
just say what's the chance we can we can
bump like this is what I was looking
for.
Right? I would probably knowing that the
recruiter is going to split the
difference, I would probably anchor
higher versus lower. There have been
some studies and I was reading some I've
read a lot of negotiation books. There's
like one from the 70s on these
negotiation games and those who
those who anchored egregiously high won
75% more than those who just try to be
reasonable. Right? So, it's like look, I
was hoping for 150,000 more. Sometimes
you get 70. Right? Sometimes you get 50.
But if you ask for 50 more, you would
have got 15. Right? So,
if you are going to re-anchor, just say
hey, I was kind of in the ballpark at
this.
Again, with the nuance, you may have
already committed to a range before and
it can be difficult to have that
conversation. Right? So, I might say
hey, after we've had the conversations
with hiring manager and and yada yada,
it sounds like the scope of the role has
increased. Are you open to revisiting
the comp structure on this? That's
likely how I would respond. If the
recruiter says this is all we can do,
and you have the audacity to do this, I
may send a text message or an email to
the hiring manager and say hey, we're
almost across the line. It sounds like
we had a sticking point.
Are you open to have a conversation?
That's who I want to close with. And I
don't want to put the recruiter down.
You say it just sounds like we're at a
sticking point here and I'm really
looking forward to working with you. Are
you open to chat real quick? I don't
need to have a big laundry list of I'm
going to do do for you and I'm going to
do that. Like that will not work. And
I've noticed this in our back and forth
in your emails. Like, you'll respond
with two words.
That's all you need.
Right? You don't often need more. So,
like, the more confident you get, the
shorter your communication gets.
And sometimes it can be as simple as
texting the hiring manager saying, "Open
to chat."
You don't give them any reason. It's
just open to chat. And then you control
the conversation from there.
Hopefully that was tactical enough. If
it's not, I do have a lot I have a lot
of written scripts that are out there
that you can copy and paste, so you
don't have to just rip the transcript
down from all of Lenny's videos. Right?
I do have written scripts and guides for
this, and I have a free course on how to
do this, too, that's on YouTube. So,
it's not like you're uh if you need the
actual specifics, there are a lot of
scenarios I've already kind of covered
you can go to.
>> Amazing. And we'll link to all that. And
I think it's I asked you what you were
hoping to get out of this uh before we
started recording. And uh just to be
clear, you're not looking for new
clients. You're booked up. You're you
This is like you share all of this stuff
out there. You have this free course.
You have all these Substack posts. So,
so that's what I love about you. It's
not like, you know, you're trying to
It's not like some deal deal leaf flow
here.
>> My mission is to make what I've learned
from very successful people more
accessible.
Right? And if you put a pay band on all
of that, you're not making it
accessible. Right? In my
hourly fees are very high. Right? So,
it's like I don't want to push for that
and
feel like I'm unobtainable. So, I want
to give away as much as I can.
And
it's These things shouldn't be gatekept.
They often are.
But um yeah, I was mentioned a little
bit in the green room. I just I felt a
little powerless growing up. Um there
was like some little substance abuse and
trauma as as I was growing up, and I
never felt comfortable or safe. And so,
when I
became a little older, I started to
understand psychology a little bit
differently because the same fear I'd
have as a child,
I could see in the boardroom. I could
see the same fight or flight mechanisms,
but that was far less scary.
Right? So, it's just money. Money's like
I'm not going to get hit. Right?
Nobody's going to get hurt here. Right?
So, I could start to see that and I
could see the body language and I can
understand when somebody was in a tense
moment. And all I ever wanted to do
because I I felt that from a little kid
was help that person feel safe.
Right? Help them feel safe in that
moment. And so, I've been obsessed over
how to solve that for my entire career.
First for myself,
and then what became natural for me is
for other people cuz I could see their
growth, and that's what became most
fulfilling.
>> There's a whole other conversation we
could have about that whole part of your
>> We got to be careful about that one.
Yeah.
>> All right.
>> That one I might start crying on that
one.
>> Okay, well, that makes good content.
That could be part two. Jacob, you're
>> comments. Like next time make Jacob cry,
Lenny. Go for the kill. Go for the kill.
>> I I hope not. I don't think my people
want that. We'll see. Oh my god.
Um
Okay, before we get to our very exciting
lightning round, Jacob, is there
anything else you want to share,
anything else you want to leave
listeners with?
>> Just that if if you're going to take a
chance, take a chance on yourself.
I'm sure a lot of these folks are
parents or a lot of these people are are
are parents and you want to
you want to be the best version of
yourself and show that your kids that
you could survive anything. You're going
to you're going to get a couple bruises
along the way. Right? Like these are
great first world problems to try to
fight for.
Right? Like it's not it's not going to
it's not going to take away your home.
It's not it
The thing is
you're only going to make life better
around you. Right? If your cup
overfloweth, right? You'll be able to
give more to others.
So, it's not about am I worth it? Is
that It's like
if you are a generous person naturally,
you can be more generous if you have
more wealth.
Right? If you're afraid of wealth, this
is something that really screwed me up.
Like I used to despise wealth.
I despised it.
Right? And I don't know why. It was like
miss like I didn't trust people with
money. I felt like they all had to be
dirty or they all had to do something
and to be fair
a lot of people do
things that are highly questionable and
unethical, right? And we see that in the
world around us.
But if you fear it and you don't
understand it you'll never have an
opportunity to change it.
And so you need to take some chances on
yourself with this and if I hopefully
that's another piece just having the
confidence to go out and try even if you
fail, you're failing forward, you're
learning. Right? And you're going to
find a style that works best for you.
It's not that Jacob Orwig's style is the
style that's awesome or Lenny's style is
a style. You don't need to copy anyone
else. You need to find that center that
that works well for you and what you're
comfortable.
>> That is beautiful.
Uh I'm also realizing as we're talking
we haven't mentioned AI once in this
conversation. It's like
>> Which is incredible. I love that.
>> Listeners the listeners are like oh
thank goodness.
>> Yeah, that's how I feel.
>> goodness.
>> Just once in a while.
>> It's cuz I don't want AI to replace me
Lenny. I don't want it.
>> I
Yeah, I like I don't even know.
Anyway, we're getting to
Okay, well
>> you speechless. That's the job. If you
get the podcast host speechless, you're
doing your job. That's great.
>> Okay, well we did it. With that Jacob we
have reached our very exciting lightning
round. I've got five questions for you.
Are you ready?
>> All right, I will I'll do the best I
can, yeah.
>> Here we go. What are two or three books
you find yourself recommending most to
other people?
>> Influence by Robert Cialdini.
>> Sweet that's the one.
>> That's the one. I mean I like Herb
Cohen's You Can Negotiate Anything. It's
a little dated. Uh
like old white dude in the 80s dated so
be mindful it doesn't suit all
audiences, but it's what I like about it
is they talk about like negotiating
dishwashers and stuff, not like going to
market with meta versus Instagram and
the acquisition. Like it's not
complicated. It's like here's an apple
and here's an orange and here's the
concept of negotiation really spelled
out simple.
I did just do a podcast with John Lowry
and he wrote a book called negotiation
made simple.
And I remember reading it and I was
pissed off
because I'm like I wanted to write a
book a couple years ago and then I read
his and said this like this is what I
wanted to write.
So I was frustrated and then I was like
I'm going to reach out to him because I
have a lot of respect for him. So I did
his podcast that'll be live soon, but
yeah, that was negotiation made simple.
It really breaks it down
in an easy way and I think that could be
like a bible.
And then I like radical candor. I know
some of your guests put that on. I've
met Kim Scott, she's phenomenal. Like
that
radical candor really gave me the
confidence to be assertive in the ways
that I never had been before. So my wife
taught me that. Kim Scott embraced it in
the corporate world and like those two
pieces like really helped elevate my
career.
>> I think radical candor is the second
most mentioned book on this podcast
behind high output management.
>> Yeah, I have not read that.
Admittedly I'm bad at consuming content.
I'm not I I only create. I've got this
rule that you create 10 times more
content than you consume. So I read like
one book a year and now apparently I'm
going to write one book.
So
maybe that'll be the new goal.
>> That's a great that's a great framework.
Okay, next question. Do you have a
favorite recent movie or TV show you've
really enjoyed?
>> I've been really liking watching Luca.
The Disney movie.
>> [snorts]
>> Having a toddler and a newborn I really
just watch cartoons now. So I I actually
for low stimulating things I really like
Minuscule.
It's like a a YouTube short that's like
French made and it's like spiders and
flies and like bugs. Just
very low stimulation hanging around. Um
>> That sounds
not
>> [laughter]
>> not appealing, but uh
>> No, that's why it's so good because
you're so over stimulated having kids
that it's so mellow. You can be like,
oh, I actually get to think a little
bit.
You know, like
>> Okay.
>> You know, finding finding a little
boredom and creative. Like that's how
you get creative. If you're constantly
if it's like Cocomelon and PAW Patrol
and you're like you can hear the beats
in your head that you can't do that. I'm
not going to I'm not I can't do that to
my kids.
>> Uh, favorite recent product you've
discovered that you love.
>> Claude CoWork.
I mean, I
>> Good one.
>> I love
Claude CoWork. I'm sorry for mentioning
AI, but like I really only use a handful
of products, so
uh, Claude CoWork is one of them and uh,
MacroFactor
for macro tracking and uh, I got a Whoop
this last year and I've lost almost 50
lb just paying attention to my Whoop
stats and like trying to sleep and
you could tell I'm a pretty obsessive
guy, so data like still geeks me out a
little bit on that, but uh, those are
the three products that I would use
every day and and a little bit of
Gemini, too. Those are the two in my
opinion winning the race.
>> Do you have a favorite life motto that
you find yourself coming back to in work
or in life?
>> Always give more than you expect to
receive.
>> It's like a golden rule plus plus.
>> That's that's how networking works.
You don't you don't network with someone
trying to take.
You say, how can I help you?
And that's a
that's a principle from Cialdini, also,
right? And uh
uh, How to Win Friends and Influence
People,
right?
That's not why I do it. I'm just I'm
just suggesting
that's also a area where you can read
more on that.
>> Final question, uh you've you're
starting a foundation. A non-profit.
>> Yeah, I'm I'm working for or I I'm on
the board of the Cody Dieruf Foundation
and that's in Bozeman, Montana. And what
we do is uh my son has cystic fibrosis.
Yeah, and cystic fibrosis is a genetic
condition. I'll actually talk a little
bit more about it in Predetermined
because his life was
predetermined. We were not really
accepting that. Um but in with our
foundation, we help rural parts of
Montana get access to
the health care that they need.
Yeah, and so they
they got me with this. So like we we
helped this family this this woman she
had three boys. This is a sad story, so
bear with me.
So
one of her boys, 29 years old, needed a
lung transplant. This is what cystic
fibrosis does. So made it to 29 is good.
The life expectancy used to be 7 to 10
years old.
So made it to 29, needed a lung
transplant. She couldn't afford it.
And her son passed away. She had two
other boys with cystic fibrosis.
And then so her 27-year-old son, 2 years
younger,
needed a lung transplant. And she
actually found out that our agency
existed in that that period. And we
funded the life flight to Denver
Children's Hospital to get that
life-saving surgery and saved her son's
life.
And
that sounds like a great story. The part
that got me was that now the mom feels
all this guilt because she could have
saved her son's life if she knew we
existed.
And that part like I was in tears
thinking about that. Um
I did
I have talked a little bit about my
son's diagnosis. Like it's not defining
our life, but my wife and I prayed about
this and it was
if it would happen to anyone, it should
happen to us because if as soon as that
happened, I I made a handful of phone
calls. I
I did all this networking to be selfish
and build my career and do these things
and in that give before you ask it to
receive philosophy I've always kind of
lived by that undersell over deliver.
And within 24 hours of his diagnosis I
had a phone call from the chief medical
officer of Denver Children's Hospital at
Stanford and I got a call from the FDA
that said don't worry the sun your son's
medication is getting lower to one year
old and the Trikafta is going from six
to two. So he may never experience a
symptom in his life
because this is changed now.
So
like I felt this is immense blessing and
support through that. So that's the
foundation we we support these rural
areas that don't have access to that
health care.
And then I've also started conversations
with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation
which
really helped funding they helped fund
the life-saving medication that changes
the life expectancy from 7 to 70 years
old. Like they are expected to have full
lives now. So that's something I'm very
passionate about.
>> Incredible.
Oh man, there's so many so many this
topics and directions we could have gone
with this.
Uh
Jacob
>> I know I blew you out. I blew you out of
the water man. Sorry. I yeah I monologue
like nobody's business.
>> There's this I've had I've had worse.
Um okay, working folks find you online
if they want to reach out maybe follow
up on some of this stuff and how can
listeners be useful to you?
>> Listeners can be useful just by
advocating for themselves.
Rising tide forever. That's important.
Uh I don't
I guess I don't really have social
media. I deleted LinkedIn. Uh the post I
wrote about that kind of went viral on
Substack. It's cool. I share I think I
shared that one with you. Uh I have
execsinthesity.com
which yes is a play on Sex in the City.
It's kind of explaining some of the
things that uh people are afraid to talk
about. So execsinthesity is my Substack.
And I write once a week on Thursday
morning and I share
little thoughts on what's happening.
Occasionally I'll share case studies on
what clients have done. I'll share
play-by-plays and the actual scripts.
That's also where I have a free job
search course. It's about 8 hours that I
filmed and I sold for like a grand and
now I just give it away for free.
That's also available on the YouTube,
which is Execs in the City.
Which I have like 100 subscribers, so
don't expect a lot of content for me.
I'm not I'm not pumping out video
content all the time.
Um and then there's a small paid tier if
somebody wants to get discounts on
coaching. They also get access to Jacob
GPT. Well, it's another AI I mentioned.
It's digitally trained on I think you
have one, too, right?
>> Yeah, Lenny bot.
>> my content. Lenny bot. Yeah, so it's
it's like a
Jacob bot, which is a minor Lenny bot.
Right? Trained on my content. Yeah, and
um then I do some additional case
studies for them. Uh and then my actual
business is thinkwarwith.com,
uh which just tells you outcomes that
that we've been able to deliver. So, uh
I'm not going to ask you for Instagram
or anything like that. Just real simple.
Try to keep it at Substack only, really.
>> Jacob, this was awesome. Thank you so
much for being here.
>> Thank you, Lenny. I appreciate the time
today and again I was real giddy about
it and your motto was to have fun. I had
a lot of fun today. Thank you.
>> That's right. Here we go. People don't
see this if they're waiting till the end
of this podcast. I have this little
pocket I show all the guests that our
goal is to have fun.
Uh so, Easter egg. All right, Jacob,
thank you so much. Bye, everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app.
Also, please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review [music] as that
really helps other listeners find the
podcast. You can find all past episodes
or learn more about the show at
lennyspodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.